License-To-Use Agreement for Zilog Software.

BY CLICKING "Yes" IN THIS INSTALL PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY 
THE FOLLOWING TERMS.  IF THE INDIVIDUAL INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE IS AN 
EMPLOYEE, AGENT, CONTRACTOR OR ASSISTANT OF AN ENTITY THAT HAS PURCHASED 
THE RIGHT TO USE THE SOFTWARE ENCLOSED, THEN AS USED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE 
TERM "YOU" REFERS TO SUCH INDIVIDUAL'S EMPLOYER, ITS AFFILIATES AND 
SUBSIDIARIES, IF ANY.  OTHERWISE, IF THE PRECEDING SENTENCE DOES NOT APPLY, 
AS USED IN THIS AGREEMENT THE TERM "YOU" REFERS TO THE INDIVIDUAL OPENING 
THIS PACKAGE

1.  License:	Zilog grants you license to use the current version of 
the enclosed (Zilog interface & control software) "Programs" and on-line 
& written documentation  (together herein referred to as, "The Licensed 
Software") solely for your own internal purposes, for an unlimited period 
of time and under the conditions and restrictions as set out in this 
Agreement.

2.  Restrictions:	The Licensed Software and documentation in whole 
or in part are copyrighted and the title to all copies is retained by Zilog 
and/or its Licensors.  Except as provided for in Clause 3, you may not 
modify, adapt, translate, create derivative works, disassemble, decompile, 
imitate or otherwise reverse engineer the Licensed Software.

3.  Compiler Products:   You are granted a royalty free right to reproduce 
and distribute certain parts of the runtime modules and libraries  
("Module") of the Licensed Software provided that you: (a) distribute the 
Module in object form only and only in conjunction with and as part of your 
software program ("Application") into which it is incorporated; (b) do not 
use Zilog's name, logo or trademarks to market your application; (c) agree 
to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Zilog or its Licensors from and 
against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees, that arise or 
result from the use or distribution of your Application; (d) prohibit users 
of your Application from modifying, adapting, translating, creating 
derivative works, reverse engineering, decompiling or disassembling the 
Module.  The files that constitute the Module are identified in the 
documentation and/or on-line "README" file.

4.  Warranty & Disclaimer:	Licensed Software is provided "AS IS" and 
without a warranty of any kind.  Zilog's entire liability and your 
exclusive remedy under this warranty will be the corrections of defects in 
media or replacement of media.  ZILOG AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER 
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT 
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID.

5.  High Risk Activities:	The Licensed Software is not fault-tolerant 
and is not designed, manufactured or intended for use in conjunction with 
on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiring fail-safe 
performance such as; in operation of nuclear facilities, (air) craft 
navigation or communications systems, air traffic control, direct life 
support machines, or weapons systems ("High Risk Activities") in which the 
failure of the Licensed Software could lead directly to death, personal 
injury or severe physical or environmental damage.  Zilog and its licensors 
specifically disclaim any express or implied warranty to High Risk 
Activities.

6.  Limitation of Liability:	TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICATION 
LAW, ZILOG OR ITS LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT 
OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTIAL OR PUNITIVE 
DAMAGE HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF 
THE USE OF OR INABILITY TOUSE THE "Licensed Software", EVEN IF ZILOG HAS 
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  In no event, shall 
Zilog's liability whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or 
otherwise exceed the license fee paid for the Licensed Software.

7.  Ownership:	The copyrights and all other and industrial property rights 
for the protection of information with respect to the Licensed Software 
(including the methods and techniques on which it is based) is retained by 
Zilog and its licensors.  Nothing in this Agreement serves to transfer such 
rights.

8.  Termination:	This Agreement is effective until terminated.  You 
may terminate this Agreement at any time by destroying all copies of the 
Licensed Software.  This Agreement will terminate immediately without 
notice from Zilog if you fail to comply with any provision of this 
Agreement.

9.  Export Regulations:	All software and technical data delivered 
under this Agreement are subject to U.S. Export control laws and may be 
subject to export or import regulations in other countries.  You agree to 
comply strictly with all such laws and regulations and acknowledge that you 
have the responsibility to obtain such licenses to export, re-export or 
import as may be required after delivery to you.

10.  Entire Agreement:	This Agreement is the entire agreement between you 
and Zilog relating to the Licensed Software and supersedes all prior or 
contemporaneous oral or written communications, proposals and 
representations with respect to its subject matter.  No variations of the 
terms of this consent, including an express waiver of the terms of this 
Agreement, in writing and signed by an officer of Zilog.

11.  Governing Law:	This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State 
of California and the controlling U.S. federal law.  No choice of law rules 
of any jurisdiction will apply.   The parties hereby submit to the 
jurisdiction of, and wave any venue objections against the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California, the Superior Court 
of the State of California for the County of Santa Clara, and any mutually 
agreed to alternative dispute resolution proceeding taking place in Santa 
Clara County, California, in any litigation or claims arising out of this 
Agreement.

12.  Copyright Notices:  The Licensed Software governed by this agreement 
contains the following copyrights and trademarks appearing within the 
software or within the source code generating the software, affixed on the 
packaging and/or labeling or within the operational displays of the 
software.  The copyright notice shall be recognized whether visibly labeled 
or contained within the Licensed Software by acceptance of this Agreement.

Copyright (c) 1985 - 2012 Zilog Inc.  Milpitas, California

And/or by other parties by inclusion.  The Files governed by this License 
Agreement may contain restricted information and are or may be UNPUBLISHED 
PROPRIETARY SOURCE CODE OF THE Owners.  The Copyright Notices above do not 
evidence any actual or intended publication of such source code.





